1. What are escape characters, and how do you use them?
Ans-
For inserting characters that are illegal in a string, we use an escape character.
text = "Welcome to "new" world."
This will give syntax error
Instead we can use backslash to fix this problem
text = "Welcome to \"new\" world."

2. What do the escape characters n and t stand for?
Ans-
The esacpe character 'n' will start new line from where it is mentioned
ex:
txt = "Hello\nWorld!"
print(txt) 

output:
Hello
World!

The esacpe character 't' will create a whitespace where it is described
txt = "Hello\tWorld!"
print(txt) 

output:
Hello   World!

3. What is the way to include backslash characters in a string?
Ans-

The backslash ("\") character is a special escape character used to indicate other special characters such as new lines (\n), tabs (\t), or quotation marks (\").

If we want to include a backslash character itself, we need to use two backslashes 
ex:
txt = "\\Text"

4. The string "Howl's Moving Castle" is a correct value. Why isn't the single quote character in the word Howl's not escaped a problem?
Ans-
The single quote in Howl's is correct because we've used double quotes to mark the beginning and end of the string.

5. How do you write a string of newlines if you don't want to use the n character?
Ans-
In that case, we have to use print() function and write string in way given below:
print("Hello")
print("world")

6. What are the values of the given expressions?
'Hello, world!'[1] - 'e'
'Hello, world!'[0:5] - 'Hello'
'Hello, world!'[:5] - 'Hello'
'Hello, world!'[3:] - 'lo, world!'

7. What are the values of the following expressions?
'Hello'.upper() - 'HELLO'
'Hello'.upper().isupper() - True
'Hello'.upper().lower() - 'hello'

8. What are the values of the following expressions?
'Remember, remember, the fifth of July.'.split() - ['Remember,', 'remember,', 'the', 'fifth', 'of', 'July.']

'-'.join('There can only one.'.split()) - 'There-can-only-one.'

9. What are the methods for right-justifying, left-justifying, and centering a string?
Ans-
.ljust()- This function left aligns the string according to the width specified and fills remaining space of line with blank space if ‘ fillchr ‘ argument is not passed.

.rjust() - This function right aligns the string according to the width specified and fills remaining space of line with blank space if ‘ fillchr ‘ argument is not passed.

.center()-This function center aligns the string according to the width specified and fills remaining space of line with blank space if ‘ fillchr ‘ argument is not passed.

10. What is the best way to remove whitespace characters from the start or end?
Ans-
We can use ".strip()" method to remove whitespace and charaters from the beginning and the end of a string.
.lstrip() method can be used to remove whitespace and characters only from the beginning of a string.
.rstrip() method can be used to remove whitespace and characters only from the end of a string.