1. What are the key tasks that machine learning entails? What does data pre-processing imply?
Machine learning entails several key tasks including data collection and preparation, selecting a model, training the model, evaluating its performance, and deploying the model for predictions. Data pre-processing refers to the cleaning, transforming, and scaling of the data before feeding it into the machine learning model.

2. Describe quantitative and qualitative data in depth. Make a distinction between the two.
Quantitative data refers to numerical data that can be measured, while qualitative data is non-numerical and describes characteristics or attributes. For example, height is a quantitative data type, while hair color is a qualitative data type.

3. Create a basic data collection that includes some sample records. Have at least one attribute from each of the machine learning data types.
A basic data collection with sample records can be created as follows:

Name	 Age	 Gender	  Occupation	 Income (in $)
John	 35	   Male	    Engineer	   100,000
Jane	 28	   Female	  Teacher	     75,000
Bob	   42	   Male	    Doctor	     125,000

4. What are the various causes of machine learning data issues? What are the ramifications?
The various causes of machine learning data issues include errors in data collection and recording, missing values, outliers, and irrelevant or redundant data. The ramifications can include reduced accuracy and reliability of the model and its predictions.


5. Demonstrate various approaches to categorical data exploration with appropriate examples.
Categorical data exploration can be performed using techniques such as frequency tables, bar charts, and pie charts. For example, we can create a frequency table for the occupation variable in the above sample data collection:

Occupation	Frequency
Engineer	     1
Teacher	       1
Doctor	       1


6. How would the learning activity be affected if certain variables have missing values? Having said that, what can be done about it?
If certain variables have missing values, the learning activity may be affected as it can cause the model to be biased or produce incorrect predictions. To deal with missing data values, we can either remove the observations or impute the missing values using methods such as mean imputation or regression imputation.

7. Describe the various methods for dealing with missing data values in depth.
The various methods for dealing with missing data values include removal of observations, mean imputation, regression imputation, and multiple imputation.

8. What are the various data pre-processing techniques? Explain dimensionality reduction and function selection in a few words.
Data pre-processing techniques include normalization, standardization, and feature scaling. Dimensionality reduction refers to the process of reducing the number of variables in the data, while feature selection involves selecting a subset of relevant variables to use in the model.


9.
i. What is the IQR? What criteria are used to assess it?
The IQR (Interquartile Range) is a measure of variability in a dataset and is calculated as the difference between the 75th percentile and 25th percentile. The criteria used to assess the IQR are the median, quartiles, and outliers.

ii. Describe the various components of a box plot in detail? When will the lower whisker    surpass the upper whisker in length? How can box plots be used to identify outliers?
A box plot is a graphical representation of a dataset and consists of several components including the median, quartiles, whiskers, and outliers. The lower whisker can surpass the upper whisker in length when there are outliers in the data. Box plots can be used to identify outliers by looking for data points that fall outside the whiskers.


10. Make brief notes on any two of the following:
1. Data collected at regular intervals
2. The gap between the quartiles
3. Use a cross-tab
Data collected at regular intervals: Data collected at regular intervals is well-structured and can be used for time-series analysis.
Gap between the quartiles: The gap between the quartiles is the interquartile range and is used to measure the variability in a dataset.
Use a cross-tab: A cross-tab is a table that summarizes the relationship between two categorical variables and is used to perform exploratory data analysis.

1. Make a comparison between:

1. Data with nominal and ordinal values

2. Histogram and box plot

3. The average and median
Data with nominal values refers to data that is categorized without any inherent order or rank, while data with ordinal values is data that is categorized with a specific order or rank.

A histogram is a representation of data distribution in which the data is divided into intervals (bins) and the frequency of data points in each bin is displayed as a bar graph. A box plot, on the other hand, provides a visual representation of a five-number summary of a dataset (minimum, first quartile, median, third quartile, and maximum) as well as potential outliers.

The average, also known as the mean, is calculated by summing up all the values in a dataset and dividing by the total number of values. The median, on the other hand, is the value that separates the higher half from the lower half of the data when it is sorted in ascending or descending order. The average is sensitive to outliers and may not represent the center of the data if there are extreme values, while the median is not sensitive to outliers and is a better measure of central tendency in such cases.
